README.md, before:

# Simple Video Download Helper
Chrome Extension to Help Download Video for Some Video Sites. made by [@justyy](https://steemit.com/@justyy/)

# Chrome WebStore
On 31/Oct/2017, Google has reinstated the extension, which is available at: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-video-download-hel/ilcdiicigjaccgipndigcenjieedjohj

It is a cut-down version ([original extension page](https://weibomiaopai.com/chrome-extension/)) that does not support Youtube download and all other adult sites. *I am sorry*. But you are still able to use the web version:  https://weibomiaopai.com/download-video-parser.php


---------------
博文: [说说我那复活的视频下载插件](https://justyy.com/archives/5615)

这个[插件](https://weibomiaopai.com/chrome/)不支持 Youtube, 也不支持其它一些成人站点，因为GOOGLE规定不可以。
但你可以直接在WEB里下载：https://weibomiaopai.com/

# Chrome浏览器扩展下载地址
简易下载视频插件： https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-video-download-hel/ilcdiicigjaccgipndigcenjieedjohj

# Donation 支持一下呗
Thank you if you want to help this little project. 
[Paypal](https://justyy.com/out/paypal)

Commit message:

Add Unit tests and Webpack information

README.md, after:

# Simple Video Download Helper
Chrome Extension to Help Download Video for Some Video Sites. made by [@justyy](https://steemit.com/@justyy/)

# Chrome WebStore
On 31/Oct/2017, Google has reinstated the extension, which is available at: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-video-download-hel/ilcdiicigjaccgipndigcenjieedjohj

It is a cut-down version ([original extension page](https://weibomiaopai.com/chrome-extension/)) that does not support Youtube download and all other adult sites. *I am sorry*. But you are still able to use the web version:  https://weibomiaopai.com/download-video-parser.php

# Unit Tests
Unit tests are based on `mocha` and `chai`.  Run all tests: `npm run build`.

# Webpack
Using `npm run build` to pack to `dist\*`

# 中文

博文: [说说我那复活的视频下载插件](https://justyy.com/archives/5615)

这个[插件](https://weibomiaopai.com/chrome/)不支持 Youtube, 也不支持其它一些成人站点，因为GOOGLE规定不可以。 但你可以直接在WEB里下载：https://weibomiaopai.com/

# Chrome浏览器扩展下载地址
简易下载视频插件： https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/simple-video-download-hel/ilcdiicigjaccgipndigcenjieedjohj

# Donation 支持一下呗
Thank you if you want to help this little project. 
[Paypal](https://justyy.com/out/paypal)
